No CIDs, No Sending (#4799)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

If the recipient permits the migration, it MUST send subsequent packets
to the new peer address and MUST initiate path validation ({{migrate-validate}})
to verify the peer's ownership of the address if validation is not already

> underway.  If the receipient has no available connection IDs, it will not be
> able to send on the new path until the peer provides one;
> see {{migration-linkability}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
underway. If the recipient has no connection IDs available for the peer, it will
not be able to send anything on the new path until the peer provides one; see
{{migration-linkability}}.
```
